{
  "file_path": "d:\\Navgurukul\\data\\enterprise_dataset\\transcripts\\meetings\\meeting_001_sprint_planning.txt",
  "file_type": ".txt",
  "processed_at": "2026-01-17T13:31:24.756205",
  "metadata": {
    "file_path": "d:\\Navgurukul\\data\\enterprise_dataset\\transcripts\\meetings\\meeting_001_sprint_planning.txt",
    "file_type": ".txt",
    "file_size": 1670,
    "processed_at": "2026-01-17T13:31:07.226112",
    "content_hash": "e184b203a5b8e47a6913c445347cc7664fb07e225e9ff70edb91a6c51e3da271",
    "language": null,
    "page_count": null,
    "duration": null,
    "word_count": 218,
    "metadata": {
      "line_count": 53,
      "is_markdown": false
    }
  },
  "summary": "**Summary of Sprint Planning Meeting**\n\nThe Sprint Planning meeting, held on January 10, 2026, was attended by Alice, Bob, Charlie, and Diana. The meeting focused on the product roadmap and user stories, with a duration of 30 minutes.\n\n**Key Discussion Points:**\n\n1. **Product Roadmap**: Alice presented the current status, highlighting progress, blockers, and proposed solutions related to velocity.\n2. **Velocity Concerns**: Bob raised concerns, suggested alternative approaches, and recommended additional research, referencing industry best practices.\n3. **Backlog Updates**: Charlie provided metrics, analytics, trends, and future projections for the backlog.\n4. **Team Discussion**: The team debated approaches, reached consensus on priority items, and assigned action items.\n\n**Action Items and Decisions:**\n\n* Action items were assigned to team members, including:\n\t+ Alice: Complete analysis of product roadmap by next week.\n\t+ Bob: Draft proposal for user stories improvements.\n\t+ Charlie: Schedule follow-up meeting on velocity.\n\t+ Team: Review documentation on backlog.\n* Decisions made included:\n\t+ Approving the proposed timeline for product roadmap.\n\t+ Allocating additional resources for user stories.\n\t+ Implementing velocity in phases.\n\t+ Scheduling a review checkpoint for backlog.\n\n**Next Steps:**\n\nA follow-up meeting is scheduled for January 15, 2026, to review progress, discuss blockers, and plan further. The team will focus on completing assigned action items and preparing for the next meeting.\n\n**Main Takeaways:**\n\n* The team discussed and agreed on the product roadmap and user stories.\n* Velocity was identified as a key area for improvement, with alternative approaches and additional research recommended.\n* The team assigned action items and made decisions on resource allocation and implementation phases.\n* A follow-up meeting is scheduled to review progress and plan further.",
  "topics": [
    "Velocity",
    "Backlog",
    "Team",
    "Meeting",
    "Product"
  ],
  "key_concepts": [
    "discussed",
    "velocity",
    "backlog",
    "charlie",
    "bob",
    "meeting",
    "product",
    "product roadmap",
    "roadmap",
    "alice",
    "stories",
    "user",
    "user stories",
    "team",
    "items"
  ],
  "entity_count": 41,
  "word_count": 218,
  "flashcards": [],
  "quiz_questions": [],
  "knowledge_graph": {
    "statistics": {
      "node_count": 30,
      "edge_count": 286,
      "density": 0.6574712643678161,
      "is_connected": true,
      "diameter": 3,
      "average_shortest_path_length": 1.3448275862068966,
      "average_clustering": 0.9104383878569726,
      "most_central_concepts": [
        [
          "discussion",
          0.9655172413793103
        ],
        [
          "team",
          0.8620689655172413
        ],
        [
          "velocity",
          0.8275862068965517
        ],
        [
          "product",
          0.8275862068965517
        ],
        [
          "product roadmap",
          0.8275862068965517
        ],
        [
          "roadmap",
          0.8275862068965517
        ],
        [
          "meeting",
          0.8275862068965517
        ],
        [
          "stories",
          0.8275862068965517
        ],
        [
          "user",
          0.8275862068965517
        ],
        [
          "user stories",
          0.8275862068965517
        ]
      ]
    },
    "learning_paths": [
      [
        "discussion",
        "team"
      ],
      [
        "discussion",
        "velocity"
      ],
      [
        "discussion",
        "product"
      ],
      [
        "discussion",
        "product roadmap"
      ]
    ],
    "output_directory": "outputs\\knowledge_graphs\\meeting_001_sprint_planning"
  },
  "rag_document_id": "ed68a5e1-d875-4a3d-a9c1-06195832fd15",
  "processing_time_seconds": 17.957824
}